The purpose of Rescapp, is to provide the user with a graphical rescue tool that will 
assist them to regain access to a computer that has become non-bootable.

You will also be able to regain access to a Windows based system that has had the 
password forgotten, thanks to the chntpw package.

It is recommended to use the chntpw package made by rescatux, as this is different
to the package that is provided by your Distro.  It has had features added to
automate the password change process as much as possible.

It is available from:

https://github.com/rescatux/chntpw

Once there, click on the word "releases" which will take you to the downloads
section.

You will be able to either blank the password, and then change it once you reboot
into Windows, or you can opt to change the password through this tool.  However, 
it is recommended that you use a temporary password, and change it once you have 
regained access to the computer, so that you can use the correct encryption 
algorithm provided by the version of Windows that you are using.

Rescapp makes use of a number of programs, such as gparted which is used for
hard drives that have been partitioned as GUID (GPT). This type of partitioning
is required for hard drives that are greater than 2TB, but can also be used
for smaller drives, and is the prefered method for booting systems that also
use UEFI.

You can also use Rescapp, to regain access to systems that use SELinux for
hardend security.  You will be guided through the restoration process, as
Rescapp is a rescue "Wizard", providing inline help, as well as assistance
via chat or via the support forums.

Rescapp, is a collection of bash scripts, and makes use of Python3 and also
QT5.

If you are a Developer, and have a little bit of spare time, you can contribute
to this project either as a one time only contribution, ie you have taken a look
at the "todo" within the code, and find that it is a very quick implimentation,
then you clone the https://github.com/rescatux/rescapp.git repository locally,
create a new branch and then commit your changes and push them to an account
that you have on github, and create a pull request, or ongoing, as time permitts.
For this, you will need to contact Adrian, who is the developer, via the issue tracker, 
on https://github.com/rescatux/rescapp/issues and ask which branch he is currently
using for development, so that you can create the pull request on the correct
branch.

Rescapp, is also available on a live Debian cd/dvd/usb ISO, known as rescatux.

For full documentation and features, please visit the rescatux website:

https://www.supergrubdisk.org/rescatux/

To know how to install Rescapp, please read the INSTALL file in the source code tarball.

If you happen to find a bug in Rescapp, please use the issue tracker on github:

https://github.com/rescatux/rescapp/issues

If you happen to find a bug in the chntpw package provided by rescatux, please use the
issue tracker on github:

https://github.com/rescatux/chntpw/issues

Please remember to use the correct issue tracker for the package that you have found
an issue with, as this saves time in having to move it to the correct location.


